hey welcome back to my Super Mario
Galaxy 2 playthrough and in this video
we're heading back to the melty monster
galaxy and we're gonna do a stroll down
rolling the lane this one sucked I mean
it looked like it was like fun at first
and I thought it was gonna be fun but it
was it wasn't it was really annoying
I mean dick seriously oh yeah I was
mentioning before in the last video that
there's a pipe you can get the pipe here
too so that's that's where you go yeah
if you want to go do that and story you
can do it either either mission but what
you do is you grab the rock mushroom and
as soon as you get it and you start like
really fast the next section and you're
basically in Rock mushroom form non-stop
throughout the rest of the level like
starting here and what you want to do is
first you want to just hit that bridge I
thought for some reason that you had to
like all you have to do is just going in
the bridge and then once you do that
you're basically rolling like non-stop
for the rest of the level and you have
to be very careful with the controls
because I'm not joined too bad like this
run and I was hanging in there but yeah
jumped a little too soon it to be very
careful with the timing on this level
when you're jumping and when you're
moving you have to be very delicate with
the controls I've talked about that
before where that's the guys sort of
have
oversteering I guess overcorrecting or
whatever yeah you have to be very
careful on this one you're kind of
writing a very fine line as you can see
there I kind of panicked and I jumped
now this is crazy I only tried that
maybe like five times like I think and
she showed up it's like what in the hell
are you to my hair
she should have really fast I mean it
was like kind of strange I don't know
whatever if she's there I'm ignoring her
she sucks I don't need her help I don't
want her help do this so yeah as I as I
went I got a little bit better it did
take me quite a few tries the one thing
that's like crazy awesome about this
place is there's crap loads of servants
but you guys don't watch My Starving
count because it's kind of crazy so I
was getting a little bit better but then
I just kept doing like stupid stuff like
this I just
if you don't line up yourself like
perfectly you'll you'll fall like that
so I went through a lot of tries as you
can see eight hundred something servants
oh my god but funny enough I mean
they add up really fast if you need star
but this would be it really plays a
really good place to go and you can
always get that one up when you're going
through so you don't really lose any
lives either so that's kind of Awesome
and of Christian one of us you were
getting all servants so it was kind of
cool but I started to get and I started
getting a little pattern down it's
really a lot of it is just kind of
getting familiar with the course you
know when to turn and when I got to this
part I am yeah it was the first time I'd
actually gotten that far and I just was
not expecting that so you you have like
bounced back and you have to angle
yourself perfectly so when you bounce
you're only in the right direction now
like I said as long as you get that one
up every time you know you click the
Starbucks can I serve it's now
awesome I actually managed to get 999
servants I've never done that before I
don't know if that's like awesome or
that's just suckish but I don't know I
liked it because I like Starbucks or
whatever so yeah I finally managed to
make it over here and that what I did
right there I jump and I jumped I guess
I jumped too soon and I kept hitting
that there's like a little gate you know
one of those little barriers blocking
off that where the star is
and I kept missing that like seriously I
did that like several times I kept I
think I would get all the way to the end
I got really good at this this whole
beginning part for doing it enough times
and I would get to the end and I kept
running into that damn barrier I was
like so mad so you have to tie this very
carefully it was just very strange
it just kept they just wouldn't jump
over it was the weirdest thing so you
kind of have to wait like an extra like
half a second longer than you think you
should cuz you know I think the reflex
is to jump a little bit early just to
make sure that you you don't fall off
but I kind of had to let him go you know
an extra you know Lillis I get longer so
he's right on the edge before you jump
so you can make that but yeah so that's
85 stars now and then I'll be good for
this video I think you guys